So far we have been talking about Den's now Real Networks.
What does it mean exactly that every single neuron is connected to every single now we're on in the
next layer.
So for example this is a dance.
Now we're all networking the sands that as you can see every single now we're on is connected to every
other narrowings in the next layer.
These Now ones are connected to every single neuron in the next layer and so on.
So this is called Dance now really and that works OK.
It is working fine.
This is what we have been discussing in the previous chapters.
We are able to make good predictions.
We did these Danz now and that works.
But even there are thousands or millions of neurons in each layer.
Then the number of weights increased dramatically.
Hence the training will be extremely slow.
So if we have for example a to by 32 pixel image then it means that we have approximately 8000 pixels
all together.
Of course we should consider colors as well.
So every single pixel has three channels red green and blue.
So if we want to be precise we have to multiply this number by three or what's very important that there
are going to be lots of lots of big cells in a given image and there's going to be lots of lots of connections
and weights to train and in our own network this is called combinatorial explosion and gradient descent
changes the educates according to the learning rate and the gradient.
That's why the training is going to be very very slow.
So what can be the solution.
Of course the solution is the main topic of discourse convolutional now we're all networks because convolutional
now we're all networks have a given assumption such that the inputs are images so we can encode certain
properties into the architecture and it was extremely important feature as far as convolutional in our
networks are concerned that now rowans are not connected to every single on our own in the next layer.
So that's why convolutional now where all the networks are not densely connected networks under the
hood by the way.
It uses a standard nodal network but at the beginning it transforms the data in order to achieve the
best accuracy possible.
Self-driving cars are pedestrian detection have something to do with convolutional now we're on networks
and basically because of convolutional and there were all networks artificial intelligence outperformance
machine learning techniques such as supporting actor or machine.
So at the beginning of the machine learning approaches were better such as support a machine nowadays.
And now real networks such as convolutional now all networks can outperform these kinds of machine learning
approaches because we have an assumption that the inputs are images.
There are three important steps convolutional operation then pooling data flattening.
And after that we can use a standard densely connected now network for making predictions so that's
why I told you that under the hood it uses a standard densely connected now and network.
OK so what about the convolutional operation.
Maybe you are not interested in higher mathematics but we have to talk a bit about the concrete formula
as far as convolution is concerned.
So we have two functions af and G.
And we can calculate the convolution with the hop of an integral at few times g t minus u d u.
So this integral is going to define the convolution operation.
By the way in image processing convolution is the process of ordering each element of the image to its
local neighbors waited by the cairn.
We are going to talk a lot more about it.
It's going to be clear what extremely important data images can be represented the way that happens
matrices.
So here this image is a matrix basically with lots of lots of columns and lots of lots of rows and every
single pixel in the image is a certain value in the matrix with a given row index and with a given column
index.
OK so for images we use matrix representation and for Karina's we use another matrix by the way there
are lots of lots of names for caramelize we can call it Karen.
We can call it feature detector we can call it filter as far as I am concerned the best name is feature
detector because we are half of the kernel we are able to detach the most important features on a given
image.
So for example if we are dealing with this smile emoji of course the most important feature is this
smiling curve.
We don't care about the eyes we don't care about the nose because the mouth is the most important feature.
If it is something like this then it is the happy emoji.
If the curve is quite on the opposite it's going to be the sad emoji.
So that's why we have to use Karina's in order to detach the most relevant feature on a given image.
OK.
By the way as far as matrix operation is concerned the convolutional can be defined way to this given
formula.
So we have to iterate through all the Cullens we have to consider all the rows and then we have to multiply
the items as far as the image matrix is concerned.
And as far as the feature detector matrix is concerned.
So basically we just have to move the plie values of given the matrices.
Of course we are going to talk a lot more about these operations in the coming lectures.
Thanks for watching.